Name: Rishi Badal

Journal: J1002

Date: 23-Aug-2022



I received assistance from:
No one


I assisted:
No one


1.1:
Two other services I use which is implemented using a Client/Server Model is when texting and tiktok.

2.1:
I think the ability to have two different users create a directory of the same name is important because it can create more subdirectories and help navigate to more specific files that you want to open. 

3.1:
The home directory has the tilde(~) because it can help users indicate where the home directory is

4.1:
Yes the prompt did change into a different directory.

4.2:
This is useful because you might need to switch to a different directory.

5.1:
When I press the up-arrow it shows the previous command I used.

5.2:
When I press the down-arrow it shows the most recent command I used.

6.1:
"Hello, World!" was printed to the screen before.

6.2:
I think think when I typed the command it printed the text inside the quotation marks.

7.1:
The ls command shows all the files in a specific directory your in. The tree command shows a tree showing the roots of files and subdirectories.

7.2:
If you want to see the subdirectories and where files are then use the tree command. If you want to see the files in a specific directory then use the ls command.

8.1:
The sleep command specifies that it will pause a job for a certain amount of time.

8.2:
Yes I can prove it because it says the sleep command will wait before returning to do the job for a command.

9.1:
It wasn't different then what I expected it to do.

9.2:
To run a job in the background means that you will run a current job right now and leave another job running in the background while the current job will be running.

9.3:
The number displayed in the brackets specifies the job that is being paused.

10.1:
I observed that it shows which jobs are being paused by the sleep command. 

10.2:
It's because the job was paused and I couldn't access it until the time limit expired.

What did I learn? What is the "big idea"?
I learned how to use the shell and new commands to help me. The "big idea" is learning the basics of shell.


What challenges did I encounter?
I encountered challenges in figuring out how the jobs worked.


How could this experience be improved?
The experience coulld be improved if I had read the reading more carefully.


Free Reflection: How has what I've learned affected my thinking?
It affected my thinking by letting me get exposed to the basics of shell and how to use the shell and new commands to use
